September Backgrounds and Armoire Items!
GeraldThePixel, Maans, virginiamoon, shanaqui, and fasteagle190
We’ve added three new backgrounds to the Background Shop! Now your avatar can go Apple Picking, stand on a Giant Book, and hang out with your pets and mounts in a Cozy Barn. Check them out under User Icon > Backgrounds!
Plus, there’s new gold-purchasable equipment in the Enchanted Armoire, including the Bookbinder Set. Better work hard on your real-life tasks to earn all the pieces! Enjoy :)

# September 2018 Resolution Success Challenge and New Take This Challenge
The Habitica team has launched a special official Challenge series hosted in the Official New Year's Resolution Guild. These Challenges are designed to help you build and maintain goals that are destined for success and then stick with them as the year progresses. For this month's Challenge, Celebrate your Triumphs, we're focusing on looking back to see all the progress you've made so far! It has a 15 Gem prize, which will be awarded to five lucky winners on October 1st.
Congratulations to the winners of the August Challenge, Enkia the Wicked, wondergrrl, renko, Mibbs, and TereLiz!

The next Take This Challenge has also launched, "Gaining Inspiration Points", with a focus on creative endeavors. Be sure to check it out to earn additional pieces of the Take This armor set!
Take This is a nonprofit that seeks to inform the gamer community about mental health issues, to provide education about mental disorders and mental illness prevention, and to reduce the stigma of mental illness.

Congratulations to the winners of the last Take This Challenge, "Notice Me, Senpai!": grand prize winner Sebem.seme, and runners-up Jessie, MaxClayson, kayote, Madison Walrath, and LaChistosa. Plus, all participants in that Challenge have received a piece of the Take This item set if they hadn't completed it already. It is located in your Rewards column. Enjoy!

by Doctor B, the Take This team, Lemoness, Beffymaroo, and SabreCat
